[Music]
[Applause]
I keep fighting voices in my mind that
stay I'm not enough
[Music]
every single lie that tells me I will
never
[Music]
and more than just the sum of every
heart and this
remind me one second jizz Who I am
because I need to know
[Music]
you see
when I can't feel
you say
when I
can you see
can win
I
what you say
Oh
the only
now is everything you think of me
in you are for murder where's any do I
find my
[Music]
taking ball of heaven now our lady and
your feet you'll have every failure that
you have
[Music]
and inroad oh I know you know
sometimes a stranger in my home keep the
market for through the open door I'm
still learning to be this darling going
anymore
this oh in anyway target promised you
this now I know for sure
this girl a
anyway
I prefer mouths and Laura's Ida where
you are
but you see Oh
[Music]
baby on the last to know when I'm gone
to
I'm always by your side
[Music]
go in anyway
this brawl ain't going anywhere today
I can promise you this now I know for
sure
this guy tango
anyway
ha
[Music]
describe Cohen anyway
this curling going